Street
we leave this week with the summer line with you on the beach
talking about black riviera
but above all of the services offered by the assault you lignano
prayers made in a quieter area of ​​lignano
and it is also the residential part characterized by large green areas where
it is possible to walk
in the shade of beautiful plants organize ferrari bike rides
oxygenate the body and mind
the beach of fine golden sand
in concession to the company Lignano Silla spa
and daily sieved and clean
it is divided into baths each with its own bar
it has about 3,000 umbrellas
widely spaced from each other and intended for use by private customers
hotels and real estate agencies
the equipment has been completely renovated and the modern process continues
year in the arno
always the tv I have then we find the anemos animation that we already have
see the summers always peel alone in the summer with you on the beach
reminding you why
to start your day in the best way
the animators anne moss and are waiting for you for muscular awakening with water aerobics
the day then
continues with the animation for children creative workshops, team games
theme party
card tournaments is much more
then comes fun icons for group dances for adults and children
all this obviously means only
the interview
winner among anemos vessillo to lignano spa company companies
face
salt
things to see 2009 are sport at beach village equipped sports area
for beach volleyball tournaments
in this role the info point of the
presentation. of training
for all tourists on the animation activities carried out by na move if the
registration point in montanbike
riviera on two wheels free cycling routes to discover
of the city of lignano a greater promotion of the animation service
new totems with general and specific for hiv itunes
new graphic flyers and possibility to download photo updates
weekly
continues the success of the Latin dances on Wednesday to the number one bathroom
four
and then it continues the doubles appointment mini disc are no longer
at the bathroom two runs albania 5 continues then the thematic mini clubs happened
bathroom 2 5
not only games but also theme parties, creative workshops and educational projects
to raise awareness among the little ones about environmental issues baby club to bathroom 3
4 mainly based on symbolic play
the company and companies from lignano started this June
available to its customers the opportunity to take advantage of a wide
animation program
which provides within the village sports bc village is located at the
bathroom number 5
the possibility of participating in free montambike excursions
at the sport beach & village info point a
it will in fact be possible to take loans completely for free
one of the bicycles provided by the syringe
bicycle excursions are a valuable asset
families all the guests of the establishment as a communicative social stimulus
the seaside resort will be able to come together through a cycling tour
I met communicating, spending time together pedaling at the same time
become familiar with the same city of lignano
already text
to
head head